docs(tutorials): fix grammar + typos (#10658)
remix-run/remix: docs/tutorials/jokes.md

One quick note about CSS. A lot of you folks may be used to using runtime libraries for CSS (like [Styled-Components][styled-components]). While you can use those with Remix, we'd like to encourage you to look into more traditional approaches to CSS. Many of the problems that led to the creation of these styling solutions aren't really problems in Remix, so you can often go with a simpler styling approach.

> That said, many Remix users are thrilled with [Tailwind CSS][tailwind], and we recommend this approach. Basically, if it can give you a URL (or a CSS file which you can import to get a URL), then it's generally a good approach because Remix can then leverage the browser platform for caching and loading/unloading.

Author: ```suggestion
That said, many Remix users are very happy with [Tailwind CSS][tailwind], and we recommend this approach. Basically, if it can give you a URL (or a CSS file which you can import to get a URL), then it's generally a good approach because Remix can then leverage the browser platform for caching and loading/unloading.
```

I'll leave analysis of this code as an exercise for the reader because again, this has nothing to do with Remix directly.

> The one thing that I will call out is the file name convention. The `.server` part of the filename informs Remix that this code should never end up in the browser. This is optional because Remix does a good job of ensuring server code doesn't end up in the client. But sometimes some server-only dependencies are challenging to treeshake, so adding the `.server` to the filename is a hint to the compiler to not worry about this module or its imports when bundling for the browser. The `.server` acts as a sort of boundary for the compiler.

Author: ```suggestion
The one thing that I will call out is the file name convention. The `.server` part of the filename informs Remix that this code should never end up in the browser. This is optional because Remix does a good job of ensuring server code doesn't end up in the client. But sometimes some server-only dependencies are difficult to treeshake, so adding the `.server` to the filename is a hint to the compiler to not worry about this module or its imports when bundling for the browser. The `.server` acts as a sort of boundary for the compiler.
```
